# Audio Transcript: G22_F A1 OP video.mp3

**File:** G22_F A1 OP video.mp3
**Duration:** 1242.8s (20.7 minutes)
**Model:** small (DirectML GPU accelerated)
**Language:** en
**Chunks processed:** 42
**Transcription time:** 226.72s
**Real-time factor:** 0.18x
**Generated:** Audio_to_Text_Transcriber tool

## Transcript

Good morning everyone, I am Anna and my group mates, Ara and Jashtran and today I will be presenting on our project on contamination of recyclables. Okay, so to start off, why are we focusing on recycling? Firstly, Singapore's domestic recycling rate has hit an all-time low of 11% in 2024 and this leads to the problem of the smuggled landfill running out of space by 2035, which is a whole decade earlier than the predicted initial 2045. For our project, we will be targeting two key groups which is the Singapore government, including NEA as well as Singapore citizens. So for domestic recycling, these are the four main categories. All of these for Singapore generates the most amount of waste in newspaper and plastic bottles. Yet these two materials are the ones that have the lowest recycling rates in Singapore. So how significant is this problem? So we will be comparing the data of Singapore Compact In terms of plastic, although Singapore generates the highest amount of waste, third highest in the world globally, it has one of the lowest rates of recycling at 6%, which is even lower than some other countries who produce a lower amount of plastic waste. In terms of paper, we are comparing Singapore as Japan due to similar level of development and population density over in the country. the significantly lower recycling rate of paper at 31% compared to Japan's 81.6% which brings us to the problem of the lower recycling rate and more can be done. So why is this problem worth solving? Firstly, high cost are spent currently to sort out recyclables and non-recyclables and we are also due to the high amount of waste generated from contamination of recyclables that is an increased inflow of waste to the landfill contributing to the lack of space in Last but not least, there's opportunity cost and revenue loss in Singapore due to the profit that could have been generated from some of the materials that could have been generated from the recyclables. So our key contributing factor is mostly with the consumer behaviour. Actually according to NEA, 72% of households in Singapore are actually partaking in recycling. Yet actually 40% of the items recycled are actually being contaminated. Hence, they are not leading to the low effective domestic recycling rates. So a lot of the consumers actually have a problem determining what can recycle and what cannot be. As seen in this image here, they misidentify a lot of ways that are actually contaminating the bin. And these results in the phenomenon called wish recycling, which means that the users actually throw their trash into the bin, but with good intentions because they actually assume that these so-called waste will actually recycle. Yet this wasn't the problem of the low recycling rates because it contaminates the entire bin itself. I'll be passing on time to Jiaxuan to talk about the gaps in the current measures. by the government to raise awareness about contamination in recyclables. So this begs the question, why are the current recycling rates still so low despite all the current measures by the government? We've identified some gaps of our first current measure which is the blue recycling bin. So because there's a large inner at the top of the bin, it makes it very easily accessible to throw non-recyclables into the bin. So non-recyclables could include items such as electricity batteries or food waste station. And the moment that these non-recyclables enter the bin, it contaminates the entire content of the bin, so nothing can be recycled anymore. And furthermore, it's also not protected from weather elements such as rain. For example, if there's paper in the bin and the rain wets the paper, the paper will dissolve and it also cannot be recycled anymore. Last but not least, there's no incentive to say Singaporeans feel that they did not get a reward from recycling. They do not incorporate this into their daily lives and don't take the initiative to recycle daily. So looking at this picture, it's a very good example of the misuse of the recycling bin as you can see it's filled to the brim with trash. Another kind of measure they've input the gaps for is the educational campaigns. So once again, there's no incentive to say that they're not going to recycle daily. incentive. So Singaporeans will feel like it reduces their motivation to recycle correctly as they feel like their efforts may not be seen. And looking at this picture, I'm sure that many of you have not read through all the information on this picture. So other Singaporeans will feel the same way. There's a lot of information to take in at once, which leads to more confusion about the variety of recyclables and all the guidelines. So this is made worse for those people that don't understand English as it's very hard for them to understand these kinds of infographics. through the camera and the gaps. I'll pass the time to Aaron to discuss our solution. inside the bin. So firstly we would open the bin using the button. There will be a hatch that opens the door and inside will be a fast floor and a camera. This camera can then be fitted into an AI system to detect what kind of trash is inside is given to them and depending on whether it's accessible or not recyclable, it can spread it to two different bins. If it's accessible, it'll be thrown to the left. If it's to the right, if it's number of syllables to the left. A small hatch will open later to drop the pin to one side and afterwards some form of incentive like CDC voucher can be given depending on some measures such as weight or frequency of recycling. So that's how it works. Why would this help solve the problem? So as mentioned before, there's three main problems with the current pin we have, the big blue pin. The one we mentioned are the most important are the specific accuracy. The big blue bin gives the owners to something to the user so when the user are not super knowledgeable or don't care too much they will either misuse it or not use it at all. I will be solve this by shifting the mental workload from the user to the AI so this will make it much more pointless to do this and such easier to do it properly. and as for some confusion around the cycling the additional interface given to a digital screen can also give more direct feedback to the user whether what's acceptable and not acceptable to help integrate them even more. The other issue that we mentioned is the large inlet of the bin as mentioned before is kind of an easier coordination because a large bin may be near The Hawker Center is a very easy way for people that are suddenly to just throw things into it. Since our bin has a mechanized hatch that needs to have been opened by a button, this will prevent people from suddenly just using it anyhow. Moreover, since the hatch is closed shut, no weather conditions such as water can ruin the sub-organic material inside the bin. The lack of a scientific is hard because the system is digitalised. This means that some measures can be updated to the system. Our current idea is CCFoJER but since again it's digital, the government can propose any other feature and they can be updated accordingly. So that's the idea of the bin and how, why it works. Now we can go to the course and why this is possible to be implemented. Let me put it to the question. We have identified a rough estimate of the cost breakdown for different components that we will need. So it will cost around $500 for one bin. And for funding, we have decided that NDA will be the one funding our project because they have a specific grant for the co-funding of recycling projects called the 3R Fund. And you'll find out to 80% of quantifying costs subject to a cap of $1 million per project. And we feel like the government will have the money and the ability to fund the project of our scale. We discussed the viability. So in terms of viability, we're looking at the long-term impact and the receptors from the public in terms of our solution. So initially, we feel that the mobility of the bean attracts new users due to curosity and the AI integrated into it. But after all, firstly, the convenience, because you're planning to replace the current blue beans, which are often located conveniently under vocttex, making it convenient for the users to use it would encourage the users to continue using it. Secondly, the instance And feedback allows the users to learn how to recycle currently. So they will be more incentivized to continue using it because they know that their efforts are not being wasted and they're not unsure of what they are recycling. And last but not least, the incentives which are planning to give out enthusiasm just based on the amount of recycle will help to motivate the users to continue using and potentially become long-term recyclers. Thank you. So can you go to the slide with the one with the trash bin with a camera inside? So as you can see the placement is kind of like an engineering fault because when people try to put bulky stuff inside, maybe like sharp trash or maybe like heavy trash, they might keep the camera and then the camera may get damage. So what kind of measures did you guys envision to prevent that happening? Also, I think your camera room is about $55 according to your style, right? So I think it's quite costly, so it's quite costly to maintain as well. So do you guys have any like temple proof measures and things like that? because you wanted to make sure that it's visible in the outside. But we kind of want it to be a bit more integrated within the bin's element itself. So it won't be protruding. So it will prevent people from shooting it when they place their trash in the bin. So it will be a bit more integrated within the solution itself. So it won't be protruding out like this. But it will be within the plastic element of the bin. So firstly, people will be able to kind of steal it or take it out. It's quite a nifty invention you have here but I've not heard of this coming in other countries but you've mentioned that other countries have better recycling rates so like for example Japan what do these other countries do that Singapore doesn't and why can the measures that they implement not be implemented here because this obviously has several costs associated with it so why not take a page out of their book Japan is a lot of the countries that are going to have a lot of things going up with them. Some of them have low density like islands, but they are lower so it's easier for them to enforce this kind of rule. Other countries like Japan have a culture to for this kind of thing right the main thing that Singapore likes that we mentioned just now is the around the contact information about recycling it's not that it's impossible to recycle it's just that a lot of Singaporeans don't bother to it's not can some rule be exercised to enforce this most strictly the way Singapore does in terms of finding and such yes but since trash is such an anonymous problem you You can't really know who to what at what time the Singapore way Singapore culture of just finding people of For for you thing is less effective in this specific problem So essentially the problem is it Singaporeans? to achieve the recycling waste they have is because Singapore actually deals with waste in a different way as to Japan. So for Japan for example, even trash and waste has to be sorted out. So it actually encourages people to sort out recyclables also because even their trash has to be differentiated in the different categories. So it makes people more willing in a way to sort out the recyclables also because that's the way they deal with the trash because even waste they cannot just dispose it entirely. But in terms of Singapore, for example, majority of people live in H2K. HDB is known to have a convenient way of dealing with trash where everybody can bundle up everything they want to throw away and get rid of it easily. So it makes people less inclined and less willing to recycle. So I think that's another reason why our rates are so low as compared to another country like Japan. So I think that's why we also need certain incentives to ask people to go to extra mouth to partake in recycling. If the root cause is the way that we're disposed of why do we need an engineering solution when you can have a cheaper policy solution which we know is proven to work in the case of Japan and just change the way that trash is thrown away. So as I said before it's really a culture thing Singapore is not as super individualistic compared to America. We are still quite a country. There's a lot of international policy. The reason why Japan policy works so far is because it's been implemented for a long time already. People are used to it so they don't feel burdened by it. very new thing. Like you have to notice when we try to implement the 10, 5 cents plastic backing, people complain a whole lot and that's just a very small inconvenience. You can imagine if you ask people to sort their trash, they will complain a whole lot about the government of like, oh, they cannot. Why you ask them to do this? Where is it not your by G to solve? the way they do things in like for example Japan is because of land constraints and certain resources constraints so as I mentioned like let's say Japan they sought out their ways in the different categories because they are able to have different factories and facilities to deal with the different ways differently but for Singapore we actually don't really have the land to do so that's why we end up having to bundle up all our ways and throw it and insure it and it did to go to the Samarkau landfill and so it would be hard to ask the people in Singapore to sort out their waste in different categories and do the same for recyclables because the waste itself in the end for Singapore for example will just be burned together and like go to the landfill instead so the policy is a bit hard to implement due to the land quality and facility quality that we have here. Okay, alright, last question. I think you mentioned in one of the slides that the AI system will be free. How will it make it free? So for the AI system, I think we will have our own internal group of people, software engineers that design the system. So it's like they're free in the sense that we don't need to source it from outside people. So it's within our own company. So I think we will have to request assistance from the government to help design the AI system so it will be free. Yeah, so I love this course here for single-time course AI system as well development time is not free. It is technically still not a capital course, it's an R&D course which quite hard to solve in since we want our AI model to be local and offline. It actually doesn't any incur any ongoing costs in that way. So that's why we Just a shoe spray. Good and bad thing about having a digitalized bin is that you can have a lot of telemetry on it. So this kind of thing where if it's off the staff, the bad thing is that obviously a digitalized system is more vulnerable to this kind of error, right? Like the hatch won't close properly, it will have themes, it won't allow jam. But since digitalized, it also means that we can alert the proper, not authority, more like the cost of the yarn easier, instead of them just like The bin can just report itself that I'm full, I have this problem that problem. Obviously if you want to be more heavy handed on it, you can put CCTV around it and note the system log from the bin and pack it to the CCTV to see who overstaffed it and go from there. Though there is quite a heavy handed. The nice thing about digital system is that you can have a lot of to solutions you can add on later via software updates.
